Fix and clarify ZDT docs (#2589)
tc39/proposal-temporal: docs/zoneddatetime.md

  See the documentation of `with()` for more details about why this option is used.
- `'reject'`: Throw a `RangeError` if the offset is not valid for the provided date and time in the provided time zone.

> An example of why `offset` is needed was Brazil's abolitoion of DST in 2019.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of why `offset` is needed is Brazil's abolition of DST in 2019.
```
